[Music]
a simple test will reveal your deepest
fear imagine you're home alone on a dark
and stormy night and the powers gone out
what could possibly be running through
your head right now all those creepy
sounds you hear in the dark a lightning
bolt catching the house on fire a home
intruder breaking in no none of this
well don't worry
we all have a fear deep down inside so
let's find yours be sure to hit that
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join us on the
bright side you'll have 10 seconds to
choose a B C or D for the following 10
questions make sure to keep track of
your points you'll need them to find out
your results in the end and starting
with number one what's your least
favorite season a summer I can't stand
when it's hot and humid winter the cold
makes me want to curl up in a blanket
and never leave the house C fall the
sight of dying nature makes me super
depressed each year d spring all the
romance is so cliche birds singing
flowers blooming and couples walking
hand in hand no thanks
if you chose option a you get 40 points
B is worth 20 points C will give you 10
points and D will be 30 points number 2
how do you feel about roller coasters a
love them I'd seriously quit my job just
to ride them all day every day B I only
like the scary ones that adrenaline rush
is incredible
C do the little slow ones for kids count
because you know safety first D I'll
pass on that I don't get the thrill of
roller coasters I'd rather go to the
movies or something for a you get 40
points again this time B is gonna be 30
points C will get you 10 points and D is
20 points number 3 who do you prefer to
travel with a my friends the more the
merrier
B my family I wouldn't go anywhere
without them C just myself I get to
choose what I want to do and when to do
it
d random people I either find fellow
travelers online or right on the spot
give yourself 20 points we're choosing a
as for B it'll led 10 points to your
tally C will get you 30 more points and
D is worth 40 points number 4 which of
the following job offers would you
definitely decline a an actor or model I
do not want to be in the public eye
having everyone judging my appearance be
a pilot I can't imagine having
responsibility for the lives of hundreds
of people see a waiter in my local cafe
how embarrassing would it be to have my
friends and acquaintances seeing me
waiting tables deed some mundane office
job like an accountant or Clerk
I don't want to waste my life away in a
cubicle option a is worth 20 points for
this question B will get you just ten
points add 30 to your score if you chose
C and D is a whopping forty points
[Music]
number five what movies do you find the
hardest to watch a a walk to remember
and other movies where people lose their
loved ones they always make me cry and
they feel uncomfortable for a while
after seeing them be insidious in
similar horror movies I scream every
time I watch them and check under my bed
for a few nights afterwards see disaster
movies like geo storm I can't stand
seeing all the destruction and loss D
there's not really a particular genre
that really bugs me
it's just movies you know
[Music]
this time a will add ten points to your
total bees were 30 points C will be 20
points and D will get you 40 points
number six if you could avoid one place
for the rest of your life what would it
be a any dark room I always leave the
nightlight on because the dark really
freaks me out B hospitals and clinics
I'm terrified of pain and possible
health issues C Heights a tall building
mountain even flying in a plane count me
out D old dirty decrepit buildings
they're just creepy and they look unsafe
[Music]
choosing a will award you 40 points B is
worth 10 points C is going to be 20
points this time and D will be 30 points
[Music]
number seven what's the worst gift
you've ever gotten or could imagine
receiving a a trip just for me how can I
have fun without my peeps
be any sort of surprise room
redecoration I like to pick those myself
and no one quite gets my sense of style
C a pet it's too much of a
responsibility and you can't just
present someone with it D a book reading
isn't really my thing
I prefer more original and personalized
gifts add ten points to your tally for
choosing a that'll be 30 points if you
went with B C gets you 20 points and D
is worth 40 points
now let's talk about something more
positive number eight which of these
performers would you invite to sing at
your wedding
eh I don't really care whoever's
available and can put on a good show B
if only the Beatles were still together
I can't imagine a better performance for
my big day see some indie band from my
hometown I want to support new
lesser-known artists D anyone who's in
right now if they're not at the top of
the charts at the moment they won't be
caught at my wedding
that'll be 40 points for letter a B is
worth 10 points C is 20 and D will be 30
number 9
what's your favorite animal a dog's a
family is incomplete without one B cats
I like their independent spirit and
unpredictable character C wolves wild
majestic powerful and intimidating what
could be better D a sloth or some other
exotic animal I love everything cool and
original animals are no exception
dog people you get 10 points for a if
you are a cat person
here are your 40 points for choosing B C
is worth 30 points this time and D is 20
number 10 the Earth's in trouble and
you're leaving on a spaceship what or
who do you take with you
a my cell phone as long as there's a
reception in space that's all I need be
my family it's an easy one C books I
never had the time to read on earth D
seeds I'll need to eat something there
plus I can be the first space farmer
[Music]
letter a will get you 30 points this
time give yourself 10 points for B C
will add 40 points to your tally and D
is gonna be 20 points again okay take
the next 10 seconds to calculate your
final score and get ready for your
results what is your biggest fear if you
got 100 to 170 points losing your loved
ones is your deepest darkest fear your
family means the world to you and you
can't even imagine what your life would
be without them yep that's certainly a
terrifying thought if your final score
is between 180 and 250 points it seems
that you fear natural disasters most of
all you realize that our planet is in a
crisis and you're afraid that one of
those crazy earthquakes or tsunamis you
see in the news or in movies may strike
your hometown any day did you get 260 to
320 points well it looks like you're
afraid of ruining your reputation you
really love your lifestyle and are proud
of what you've achieved so far what
others think about you means the world
to you and you feel pretty uneasy at the
thought of those opinions turning
negative in case you scored 332 400
points
you must be fearless sure like anyone
else you probably have some pet peeves
and things that creep you out a little
but there's nothing that's really
bugging you all the time
way to go do you agree with your result
or was it a total surprise tell us in
the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]